You get so happy
when you sing with others!
Jehovah created us like that.
The birds also sing.
I feel that Jehovah is proud of me.
The Scandinavia branch office
supervises nine languages
in audio and video production.
In the three largest languages
—Swedish, Norwegian, and Danish—
there are also three children choruses
that help us
with the recordings of the songs
for the Become Jehovah’s Friend series.
First, I listen very carefully
to the American adult chorus.
I try to spot where they breathe,
where they pause,
and the overall mood
in their way of singing.
Then, I listen
to the music we have received.
I have a piano at home
to practice the voices and figure out
where the high notes and low notes are,
where the challenging parts are,
and how I can pass this on to the children.
I also think about what the goal
with the recording is
—how other children who listen to the song
can feel the same joy as we feel
when we are singing and recording it.
Before the children arrive,
we make sure that all the equipment
is prepared and tested
so that everything
is ready when they come here.
When we receive
the assignment to participate
in the recordings of a new song,
I feel that our girls have been
full of initiative to practice.
And we have made it our custom
to sing the songs at our family worship.
When we are driving,
like to the RTO
for the recordings and on other occasions,
we usually sing in the car.
I like to sing the songs
because they are good
and have nice melodies.
I especially like the new songs
because they are so different.
One has African drums in it,
and the next is a bit Irish
and like you are walking
in a valley and on a mountain.
Alma plays the cello
and has asked to get the sheet music
for the new Kingdom songs,
which are her favorites right now.
It’s been a challenge for André and me
because we are not that musical.
There is also a serious part,
so we start with a prayer to Jehovah.
Then, we watch the video and talk
about the point of the video
and how other children and families
can benefit when listening to them.
Then, we need to loosen up a bit,
so we warm up with some exercises,
and then we’re ready to sing.
It is clear to us that they appreciate
their privilege more and more.
They actually see it as praise to Jehovah.
The joy they have of singing for Jehovah
rubs off on us who work with them.
When the children sing with joy
and express themselves freely,
it has an effect on us as parents
and the ones in the congregation.
Jehovah becomes happy when he sees it,
and also many brothers and sisters
and children become happy.
It is fun to make the recordings.
You get so happy,
and then it’s more fun
to sing at the meetings.
I see more clearly why we sing
and why it is a part of our worship.
We don’t go there just
to spend time with our friends;
we go there to sing.
It is a part of praising Jehovah
Singing is like a prayer to him.
I have been humming the songs,
and people around me wonder
what it is I am always humming.
So it has helped me,
and it is an easy way to give a witness.
My faith in Jehovah is stronger now.
I think that I am happier
knowing Jehovah
after I began singing.
You understand that singing
is a huge part of our worship,
and Jehovah wants us to use it.